rbVimeo
Matt Pruitt
www.guitsaru.com

h2. Description

A ruby wrapper for the Vimeo API

h2. Features/Problems

This does not handle authentication.  It only gets public videos from Vimeo.

h2. Usage

@vimeo = RBVIMEO::Vimeo.new(api_key, api_signature)@

@video = vimeo.video(video_id)@

<br />

See the docs for all Video properties

@video.title@

@video.caption@

@video.comments # Returns an array of comment objects@

@video.likes@

@video.plays@

h2. Documentation

"Documentation":http://rbvimeo.rubyforge.org

h2. Installation

<pre>sudo gem install rbvimeo</pre>

h2. Contributing

Fork the project on "github.":http://github.com/guitsaru/rbvimeo

In order to run the specs, edit the test_settings.yml file (a sample is provided) using your api key and api secret.

h2. License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Matt Pruitt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
